[Music]
find out who's tracking you through your
smartphone safety should always be our
top priority with the help of just a few
short codes you can find out more about
the settings of your phone and work out
whether or not your messages and
information are protected and whether
you're being tracked we've gathered the
most useful codes for smartphones all in
one video together with some
instructions on how to detect intruders
star hash 21 hash with this code you can
find out whether your calls messages and
other data are being diverted the status
of the different types of diversions
that are taking place along with the
number the information is being
transferred to will be displayed on your
phone screen this function is most often
set up by either jealous partners or
parents who are trying to protect their
kids from spam or criminals older adults
often become victims of this practice
when they lend their phone to a stranger
to make a single call if they do so they
risk having information about where they
live who their friends and family are
their habits and daily activities and
even their financial circumstances
passed on to criminals
star hash six to hash dial this code if
you want to find out where it calls
messages and data are being redirected
to if it seems that no one can get
through you the chances are in this case
that your voice calls are being
redirected to one of your cell phone
operators numbers hash hash zero zero
two hash this is a universal code for
switching off all forms of redirection
away from your phone it's a good idea to
use this before you have to use roaming
this case money won't be taken from your
account for calls that are redirected by
default to your voicemail star hash zero
six hash with the help of this code you
can find out your IMEI International
Mobile Equipment identifier if you know
this number you can find your phone if
someone steals it when switched on its
location is automatically conveyed to
the network operator even if a different
SIM card is inserted if someone knows
your IMEI number they can find out the
model and technical characteristics of
your phone
the James Bond code
special codes exist that allow someone
to track your location and also to
determine whether someone is following
you for this you need a utility net
monitor type in one of the following
codes for iPhone and for Android this
one or another one
[Music]
step one go to the section called UMTS
cell environment then UMTS are our info
and write down all the numbers under
cell ID these numbers are the basic
stations located nearby your phone will
connect by default to the one that emits
the best signal step two go back to the
main menu and click on the mm info tab
then on serving PL MN write down the
numbers under local area code or la C
step 3
with the help of these two numbers and
the website opens cell ID org the fourth
tab to the left you can determine the
location on the map of the base station
that your phone is connected to the ones
to be suspicious of our mobile base
stations this could be a truck or small
bus with a large antenna these kinds of
vehicles are used at rock festivals and
in places where Internet coverage is
poor if there's one of them nearby
seemingly without any logical reason
it's just possible that someone is
engaged in spying
use antivirus software if you use
Android you should periodically check
your phone for viruses place Raider is
one of the most dangerous ones that can
infect your device developed by American
experts it was meant to show how
vulnerable our devices are once it gets
onto a phone this trojan takes a series
of photographs of the surrounding area
it creates a 3d model of the building
you're in and then takes advantage of
any internet connection to send the data
adding along with it all the data on the
phone and your passwords how do the
Secret Service's listen in national
security agencies in virtually all
countries now cooperate with mobile
operators who often provide the former
with access to information on any of
their customers provided they have a
warrant from a court as a minimum they
provide data from the last three months
if your phone has been tapped by a
security agency the chances are you
won't even notice if a phone makes odd
noises during a conversation loses
battery power rapidly overheats or
unexpectedly restarts this is merely an
indication that you need to get it
repaired rather than a telltale sign
that you're being listened to people
usually don't reveal all that much in
phone conversations from the point of
view of those who want to listen in it's
much more worthwhile to set up special
devices or bugs in someone's home radio
wave detectors can be used to work out
whether such bugs are present in a
building how can you protect yourself
from criminals and spies use messaging
apps that are completely closed to
outsiders such as telegram chair wicker
or signal determine what information
it's safe to make accessible to all
should everyone be able to find out your
phone number or have access to
information
your family loved ones or your lifestyle
be very careful when posting photographs
of children don't install unknown
programs on your phone keep close track
of the apps you have installed and use
multiple security locks wherever you can
don't click on unsafe links and don't
connect your phone to suspicious free
charging points only your mobile
operator should ever offer you tracking
services and they should only turn them
on with your explicit agreement websites
and applications that offer to find out
the location of other people are almost
certainly acting as criminal intent be
careful don't forget to share the video
with your family and friends to warn
them about being tracked hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life